= paraphraser

Paraphraser, is a very simple gem.                                                                                                                                                                                                         
It adds a rake task that will drop, re-create and migrate a database (default is test) and will output the sql generated in the migration process.
It will output the sql to screen as well as to a file ./migration.sql.

= usage

to install:

  gem install paraphraser

then, from your rails project root:

  rake db:paraphrase:all  

to use your development database instead of the default test database
   
   rake 'db:paraphrase:all[development]'

= disclaimer

Paraphraser, works like the computer - GIGO. It doesn't verify the semantics of your migrations.
All it does is, simply redirect the sql sent to connection.execute to the screen and to a file.
In the process it re-creates your database (test database by default) and hence wipes-out all data.

== Contributing to paraphraser
 
* Check out the latest master to make sure the feature hasn't been implemented or the bug hasn't been fixed yet
* Check out the issue tracker to make sure someone already hasn't requested it and/or contributed it
* Fork the project
* Start a feature/bugfix branch
* Commit and push until you are happy with your contribution
* Make sure to add tests for it. This is important so I don't break it in a future version unintentionally.
* Please try not to mess with the Rakefile, version, or history. If you want to have your own version, or is otherwise necessary, that is fine, but please isolate to its own commit so I can cherry-pick around it.

== Copyright

Copyright (c) 2010 Vinay Patel. See LICENSE.txt for
further details.

